Help modders deal with object invalidation (#14769)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.md

    * Items can be added also to unloaded and non-generated blocks.
* `minetest.get_player_by_name(name)`: Get an `ObjectRef` to a player
    * Returns nothing in case of error (player offline, doesn't exist, ...).
* `minetest.get_objects_inside_radius(center, radius)`
    * returns a list of ObjectRefs
    * `radius`: using a Euclidean metric

>     * **Warning**: If you modify objects (f.e. punch them),
>       this may cause later objects in the list (f.e. children) to become invalid.
>       Use `minetest.objects_inside_radius` instead to iterate only valid objects

Reviewer: I would reword this
```suggestion
    * **Warning**: Any kind of interaction with the environment or other APIs
      can cause later objects in the list to become invalid while you're iterating it.
      (e.g. punching an entity removes its children)
      It is recommend to use `minetest.objects_inside_radius` instead, which
      transparently takes care of this possibility.
```

### Methods

* `is_valid()`: returns whether the object is valid.
   Objects may be invalidated either through explicit removal,

>    or implicitly between server steps by the engine.

Reviewer: IIRC there's an "advice on object invalidation" section that should be updated alongside

it's also not mentioned that any objectrefs returned by engine functions are guaranteed to be valid at the time of returning
which then means that in most cases you won't need to deal with this

Author: thanks for pointing that out, edited the section

> it's also not mentioned that any objectrefs returned by engine functions are guaranteed to be valid at the time of returning

this seems to be already (somewhat implicitly) mentioned in said section so we're good?

Reviewer: > this seems to be already (somewhat implicitly) mentioned in said section so we're good?

sure.
can you add a reference to that section too?

>    **The below methods should only be called for valid objects.**

Reviewer: also this explicitly makes any method calls on invalid objects UB. that includes many existing mods
do we want to do that?

IMO at the very least generic getters (e.g. `get_pos`) should be allowed to be called on invalid references

Author: I've checked the code and all getters consistently return nothing when called on invalid objects. It's probably fine to keep that for now, I wouldn't want to deprecate it yet - too much work for everyone involved.

(The "should" was intended as in "this is best practice if you're writing a mod for a recent Minetest version today", not as in "this is deprecated and will be broken soon". I have clarified.)
